Oh, you're Hirarin?
I see. Where is Hirarin?
I see. I'll call you later.
Thank you very much.
Hirarin? I'll call you later.
Where is Hirarin?
I see. You're Hirarin?
I see. I'll call you later.
Show me.
I see.
You're Hirarin, not me.
Oh, you're not.
What does it say?
There are 1, 8, and 10.
This is the first group.
The first group?
There are two letters, Moku and Yu.
This is the first group, Moku and Yu.
What?
Why?
It's the first group, Moku and Moku.
That's a bit confusing.
Where is the first group, Moku and Moku?
It's not here.
Ask the guy on the other side.
The first group, Moku and Moku.
My husband Yu-tei-hatta is much lighter.
I'll tell you the first group, Moku and Moku.
You don't know the first group, Moku and Moku?
What?
The first group, Moku and Moku.
I've never heard of the first group, Moku and Moku.
I see.
Is this different from the first group?
I'll call you later.
Show me.
I see.
This is different.
You have to read the first group.
You have to read the second group.
The first group, Moku and Moku.
You're getting better.
Where is the first group, Moku and Moku?
I'll tell you later.
Let's read the first group.
Where is the first group, Moku and Moku and Moku?
Why?
Where are the first group, Moku and Moku, number 1 and 8?
Do you know the first group, Hira-rin and An이에요?
I don't know.
When you know the end one, you'll get over your season.
My husband Yu-tei-hatta is maybe about the first group, Hira-rin...
Nothing about H wirs fishy guys,
Thank you for watching!